Revise best-practices.md (#569)
exercism/docs: building/tooling/best-practices.md

### Prefer build-time commands over run-time commands

> Tooling runs as a one-off, short-lived Docker container:

Reviewer: If you want to go full-on proper grammar for the whole doc...

```suggestion
The track tooling runs a one-off, short-lived Docker container which executes the following steps.
```

Author: @IsaacG Also, I'm not sure about this one. Is the removal of 'as' intentional?

Reviewer: Yes. The tooling, a collection of code, runs code and executes steps.

> 3. The Docker container is destroyed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. The Docker container is destroyed.
```

Author: Hmm, why is a period needed here?

Reviewer 2: Ah, mistake on my part on mobile. The full context wasn't showing to mark all the steps, but a period should be used after an item in a list if every item is a sentence on its own. See https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines/lists/numbered and https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365-life-hacks/writing/punctuating-bullet-point-lists.

Reviewer 2: I can't add a comment to it, but L49 should read "Tooling runs as **a** one-off, short-lived Docker container:"

Reviewer 2: L61 should read 'Therefore, **it's** fine if the code that runs at build-time is (relatively) slow.'

Reviewer 2: L120 should read 'The reason "slim" variants are smaller is that they'll have **fewer** features.'

Author: Good catch. Fixed.

Reviewer 2: L140 should read 'Distributions that **use** the `apk` package manager (such as Alpine) should use the `--no-cache` flag when using `apk add` to install packages:'

Reviewer 2: L217 should read 'Its [Dockerfile](https://github.com/exercism/ruby-test-runner/blob/e57ed45b553d6c6411faeea55efa3a4754d1cdbf/Dockerfile) starts with a stage (given the name `build`) that **installs** those packages (via `apk add`) and then installs the **libraries** (via `bundle install`):'

```

First, the `pre-compiled` directory is copied into the image.

> This directory is set up as a fake exercise and depends on the same base libraries that the actual exercise depends on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory is set up as a test exercise and depends on the same base libraries that the actual exercise depends on.
```

Then we run the tests on that directory, which is similar to how tests are run for an actual exercise.
Running the tests will result in the base being compiled, but the difference is that this happens at _build time_.

> The resulting Docker image will thus have its base libraries already compiled, which means that no longer happens at _run time_, resulting in (much) faster execution times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting Docker image will thus have its base libraries already compiled.
This means compiling is not needed at _run time_, resulting in a (much) faster execution.
```

Author: @IsaacG Sure, why not? It's more fun when multiple people are involved.

Looks like an 'at' is missing from this suggestion. Can you confirm?

Reviewer: That is correct. Updated.

```

First, the `pre-compiled` directory is copied into the image.

> This directory is set up as a sort of fake exercise and depends on the same base libraries that the actual exercise depends on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory is set up as a fake exercise and depends on the same base libraries that the actual exercise depends on.
```

Less confusing this way. It's not a real exercise so it has to be a fake exercise logically. There's no sort of here.

Then we run the tests on that directory, which is similar to how tests are run for an actual exercise.
Running the tests will result in the base being compiled, but the difference is that this happens at _build time_.

> The resulting Docker image will thus have its base libraries already compiled, which means that no longer has to happen at _run time_, resulting in (much) faster execution times.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resulting Docker image will thus have its base libraries already compiled, which means that no happens at _run time_, resulting in (much) faster execution times.
```
Awkward phrasing simplified

Author: Looks like a typo on your part. Not sure what you wanted to say, but could we consider changing to "which means that this no longer has to happen" ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The resulting Docker image will thus have its base libraries already compiled, which means that no longer happens at _run time_, resulting in (much) faster execution times.
```

My bad, let's try that again.

- Be faster to deploy
- Reduce costs for us

> - Improve the startup time of each container

Reviewer: The prior line doesn't read "Reduce the cost". I don't think this needs "the" added.

Author: Sounds reasonable. Removed.

node         20.16.0-slim   219MB
```

> The reason "slim" variants are smaller is that they'll have fewer features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason "slim" variants are smaller is that they have fewer features.
```

##### Example: installing libraries

The Ruby test runner needs the `git`, `openssh`, `build-base`, `gcc` and `wget` packages to be installed before its required libraries (gems) can be installed.

> Its [Dockerfile](https://github.com/exercism/ruby-test-runner/blob/e57ed45b553d6c6411faeea55efa3a4754d1cdbf/Dockerfile) starts with a stage (given the name `build`) that installs those packages (via `apk add`) and then installs the libraries (via `bundle install`):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Its [Dockerfile](https://github.com/exercism/ruby-test-runner/blob/e57ed45b553d6c6411faeea55efa3a4754d1cdbf/Dockerfile) starts with a stage (given the name `build`) that installs those packages (via `apk add`) and then installs the dependencies (via `bundle install`):
```

Author: @kotp Fixed!
